readme.md, before:

# Weekly Links
## Table of Contents

1. [Git](#git)
2. [HTTP](#http)
3. [Patterns](#patterns)
4. [Stack](#stack)
5. [Database](#database)
6. [Tests](#tests)
7. [Python](#python)
8. [Microsoft](#microsoft-tips)
9. [Linux](#linux)
10. [Youtube-Twitch](#youtube-twitch)

Agile Manifesto https://agilemanifesto.org/

Roadmap examples https://roadmap.sh/

## Git

Pro Git book
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2

Become a git guru from atlassian (Bitbucket)
https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials
 
Markdown cheatsheet for git readme.md
https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet

Connecting to GitHub with SSH

https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/connecting-to-github-with-ssh

https://devblogs.microsoft.com/commandline/sharing-ssh-keys-between-windows-and-wsl-2/

https://dev.to/bdbch/setting-up-ssh-and-git-on-windows-10-2khk

## HTTP

[developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Overview](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Overview)

[https://http.cat/](https://http.cat/)


postman + http status [https://blog.postman.com/http-cats-learn-http-status-codes/](https://blog.postman.com/http-cats-learn-http-status-codes/)
 

## Patterns

### Design patterns https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns

### Architectural Patterns
Active_record_pattern https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_record_pattern


### Selenium

#### Page Object Models

https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/en/guidelines_and_recommendations/page_object_models/

 
#### Page Factory Pattern

https://www.guru99.com/page-object-model-pom-page-factory-in-selenium-ultimate-guide.html

https://www.toptal.com/selenium/test-automation-in-selenium-using-page-object-model-and-page-factory


#### Fluent Interface

https://martinfowler.com/bliki/FluentInterface.html

https://betterprogramming.pub/what-is-the-fluent-interface-design-pattern-2797645b2a2e

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37827808/fluent-interface-with-python

#### Domain Specific Language

https://dbader.org/blog/writing-a-dsl-with-python

 

## Stack

### Development patterns https://12factor.net/

### Python 3 https://docs.python.org/3/
 

### FastAPI https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/

### starlette https://www.starlette.io/

### SQLAlchemy https://www.sqlalchemy.org/
 

### Alembic https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/tutorial.html


### Selenium https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/en/getting_started/
 

### crontab https://crontab.guru/
 

### Postman https://www.postman.com/


### pgadmin https://www.pgadmin.org/
 

### Vue https://vuejs.org/

## Database
ACID https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACID

## Tests
Free Online Book Test-Driven Web Development with Python
https://www.obeythetestinggoat.com/pages/book.html

#### Selenium
Tips CSS selectors
https://saucelabs.com/resources/articles/selenium-tips-css-selectors

Fun game to learn and practice CSS selectors.
https://flukeout.github.io/

## Python 
### requirements.txt

create/update
    
    pip3 freeze > requirements.txt

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31684375/automatically-create-requirements-txt

install

    pip3 install -r requirements.txt

Pycharm & requirements.txt
https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/managing-dependencies.html


### iteration double comprehension

https://www.kite.com/python/answers/how-to-do-a-double-iteration-with-a-list-comprehension-in-python


### pyupgrade 
A tool (and pre-commit hook) to automatically upgrade syntax for newer versions of the language. https://github.com/asottile/pyupgrade

## Microsoft Tips
### Outlook

[Create a contact group or distribution list in Outlook for PC](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/create-a-contact-group-or-distribution-list-in-outlook-for-pc-88ff6c60-0a1d-4b54-8c9d-9e1a71bc3023)

## Linux
### vim
#### Neovim
Neovim is a project that seeks to aggressively refactor Vim  https://github.com/neovim/neovim

## youtube twitch
### anthonywritescode
pre-commit (creator), babi (creator), flake8 (primary maintainer), pytest (core developer), tox (core developer), and many more!
https://www.twitch.tv/anthonywritescode
https://www.youtube.com/anthonywritescode

Commit message:

chore: add information about brython, python in browser

readme.md, after:

# Weekly Links
## Table of Contents

1. [Git](#git)
2. [HTTP](#http)
3. [Patterns](#patterns)
4. [Stack](#stack)
5. [Database](#database)
6. [Tests](#tests)
7. [Python](#python)
8. [Microsoft](#microsoft-tips)
9. [Linux](#linux)
10. [Youtube-Twitch](#youtube-twitch)

Agile Manifesto https://agilemanifesto.org/

Roadmap examples https://roadmap.sh/

## Git

Pro Git book
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2

Become a git guru from atlassian (Bitbucket)
https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials
 
Markdown cheatsheet for git readme.md
https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet

Connecting to GitHub with SSH

https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/connecting-to-github-with-ssh

https://devblogs.microsoft.com/commandline/sharing-ssh-keys-between-windows-and-wsl-2/

https://dev.to/bdbch/setting-up-ssh-and-git-on-windows-10-2khk

## HTTP

[developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Overview](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Overview)

[https://http.cat/](https://http.cat/)


postman + http status [https://blog.postman.com/http-cats-learn-http-status-codes/](https://blog.postman.com/http-cats-learn-http-status-codes/)
 

## Patterns

### Design patterns https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns

### Architectural Patterns
Active_record_pattern https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_record_pattern


### Selenium

#### Page Object Models

https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/en/guidelines_and_recommendations/page_object_models/

 
#### Page Factory Pattern

https://www.guru99.com/page-object-model-pom-page-factory-in-selenium-ultimate-guide.html

https://www.toptal.com/selenium/test-automation-in-selenium-using-page-object-model-and-page-factory


#### Fluent Interface

https://martinfowler.com/bliki/FluentInterface.html

https://betterprogramming.pub/what-is-the-fluent-interface-design-pattern-2797645b2a2e

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37827808/fluent-interface-with-python

#### Domain Specific Language

https://dbader.org/blog/writing-a-dsl-with-python

 

## Stack

### Development patterns https://12factor.net/

### Python 3 https://docs.python.org/3/
 

### FastAPI https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/

### starlette https://www.starlette.io/

### SQLAlchemy https://www.sqlalchemy.org/
 

### Alembic https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/tutorial.html


### Selenium https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/en/getting_started/
 

### crontab https://crontab.guru/
 

### Postman https://www.postman.com/


### pgadmin https://www.pgadmin.org/
 

### Vue https://vuejs.org/

## Database
ACID https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACID

## Tests
Free Online Book Test-Driven Web Development with Python
https://www.obeythetestinggoat.com/pages/book.html

#### Selenium
Tips CSS selectors
https://saucelabs.com/resources/articles/selenium-tips-css-selectors

Fun game to learn and practice CSS selectors.
https://flukeout.github.io/

## Python 
### requirements.txt

create/update
    
    pip3 freeze > requirements.txt

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31684375/automatically-create-requirements-txt

install

    pip3 install -r requirements.txt

Pycharm & requirements.txt
https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/managing-dependencies.html


### iteration double comprehension

https://www.kite.com/python/answers/how-to-do-a-double-iteration-with-a-list-comprehension-in-python


### pyupgrade 
A tool (and pre-commit hook) to automatically upgrade syntax for newer versions of the language. https://github.com/asottile/pyupgrade


### Brython - python in browser
Brython (Browser Python) is an implementation of Python 3 running in the browser, with an interface to the DOM elements and events.
https://github.com/brython-dev/brython



## Microsoft Tips
### Outlook

[Create a contact group or distribution list in Outlook for PC](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/create-a-contact-group-or-distribution-list-in-outlook-for-pc-88ff6c60-0a1d-4b54-8c9d-9e1a71bc3023)

## Linux
### vim
#### Neovim
Neovim is a project that seeks to aggressively refactor Vim  https://github.com/neovim/neovim

## youtube twitch
### anthonywritescode
pre-commit (creator), babi (creator), flake8 (primary maintainer), pytest (core developer), tox (core developer), and many more!
https://www.twitch.tv/anthonywritescode
https://www.youtube.com/anthonywritescode
